Over the time garage doors need maintenance and tune up to extend their functionality.
Our professionals are here to help to fix any garage door problems. No extra charge on
weekends.
Springs replacement
Garage Door springs are an essential part of garage door system, as they are responsible
for lifting and lowering the Garage door properly and safely. Torsion springs are located
above the garage door on the metal shaft. When garage door is closed, they are storing
mechanical energy by twisting and when the door opens the energy is released, helping to
lift the door. If it is not working properly, it can be unsafe for you, your family, your property
and for anyone or anything that might be nearby. We are not recommending trying to fix
Garage door springs on your own as it can cause dangerous hazards due to the high tension
in the springs. Garage door springs have the most tension when the door is lowered. Each
torsion spring has limited lifetime, but other conditions such as rust, corrosion, incorrect
maintenance, wear and tear also can shorten the Garage door springs life.
Signs to watch

• The Garage door becomes heavy then usual, and it is hard to open manually.
• The Garage door opens partially or very slowly or drops quickly when partially
lifted
• The Springs are rusted or broken (sometimes springs are located inside the
tube and it almost impossible to see if they are broken). That is common for
Wayne Dalton System.
• A loud bang due to the springs unwinding quickly or spring break

Garage Door Cables
Garage door cables are important part of garage door system. Cable drum on either side of
the door maintain even tension on door cables, ensuring proper operation of garage door.
These cables hold a significant amount of tension making them crucial for proper and safe
operation. Cables made from strong, twisted steel wire for durability and strength.
Signs to watch garage door cables need replacement.
Fraying or Rust: If cables have sign of fraying, rust or wear, they can break easily.
Slack in Cables: Slack or loose cables can cause the garage door to be unbalanced and
improper.

Garage door moves unevenly, shaking or moving too fast all these might be garage door
cables issue.
Garage door won’t open or close properly or misaligned: When cables are damaged, the
door may not open fully or close properly.
Cables wear out quickly and snapped. When cables snapped, don’t use your garage door
as it can cause further damage.
Garage door cables are under high tension, so never attempt to replace or repair cables on
your own as they can cause serious injury if not handled properly. It is very important to
replace damaged cables as soon as possible as it can be unsafe for you and your family, as
well as it will prevent from other problems that can occur. Need Garage door cables
replacement call us, and our professional technicians will help you.

Maintenance
Garage Doors need to be maintained annually. Regular checks can catch minor issues
before they become major problems, and it will help you to prevent costly repairs and
prevent from sudden accidents. Lack of maintenance can cause product failure and can be
the main reason of garage door accidents. Annual maintenance should be performed by a
trained professional. Our Garage Door Experts perform the whole inspection of the Garage
Door, opener, sensors, checking for hidden issues, cables, springs, tracks, inspecting
rollers this also includes lubrication and necessary adjustments. Maintenance helps the
Garage Door operate smoothly. Well- maintained doors and openers last longer.

Garage Door Off Track Repair
There are some common reasons why rollers fall off the tracks:
Band and damaged tracks can force rollers out of alignment.
When somebody hits the Garage door with car.
Tighten loose parts and tracks

If your Garage Door not operating properly, the tracks or springs are damaged never
attempt to fix Garage Door tracks or springs as they are under heavy tension as it can be
hazardous. It’s the best to call us.

Weatherstripping bottom seal
Weatherstripping bottom seal on a garage door is very important thing that helps to keep
out drafts, water, dirt, and pests by sealing the gap between the bottom of the garage door
and the floor. Over the time, this seal can wear out, dry out or break out and may need to be
replaced.
Signs that your Garage Door Bottom seal needs to be replaced:
Worn or Cracked seal: Over the time, the seal can dry out, wear out or crack, leading to
drafts, water leaks and gaps.
Difficulty closing the Garage door: A damaged seal can create issues when opening or
closing the door.
Pest Problems: Due to gaps in the bottom seal, pests can easily enter the garage.
Replacing the weatherstripping bottom seal will help you to keep garage insulated,
preventing cold air from in wintertime or hot air during the summer. Prevents from rainwater
or snow that could leak under the Garage door. Keeps out dirt and leaves and other debris
from blowing into the garage. Blocks pests and insects from entering the garage. Replacing
the weatherstripping bottom seal is an affordable option to maintain the efficiency and
security of your Garage.

Conversion
Conversion from Wayne Dalton system to Torsion Spring system. Torsion springs are
generally safer and durable. This type of conversion requires new cable drums, a shaft,
shaft anchor and torsion spring. Garage doors that have Wayne Dalton system you cannot
see if garage doors springs are broken or not as they located in the hollow tube and if one of
them will broke it’s impossible to see. The opener may still open the Garage door, but it will
carry more weight which can shorten Garage door opener’s lifespan. Instead, Torsion
springs are visible as they are located above the Garage door and parallel to the garage

door and if they are broken you can see it clearly and it will prevent from costly repairs that
can occur. Also, Torsion springs are durable, effective and have long lifespan.