✓ Contact us by phone at (474) 774 0269
✓ By E-mail gdexperts111@gmail.com
✓ Or through our Website
Call or text us for a free quote and for additional information.

Garage Door Expert provides quality Garage door repair and maintenance services in
Saskatoon and nearby location. Our skilled and professional experts will fix your garage
door problem quickly, comprehensively and for a reasonable price.
If you are experiencing any problems with your Garage Door, contact us and our reliable
experts always ready to provide quality services, expertise and commitment to customer
satisfaction.

Our experts won’t leave until they ensure your garage door operates smoothly, well-
functioning and efficiently.

Our technicians are knowledgeable and experienced and provide quality work with
attention to detail.
Service call +Assessment $35 fixed price
Garage Door Retainer and Rubber Seal $180-$220 price range
Garage Door Spring replacement $250-$420 price range
Garage Door Remote or Keypad Programming $100-$150 price range
Garage Door Cable Repair $300-$400 price range
Garage Door Maintenance $100-$120 price range
Garage Door Conversion from WD System to Regular Spring System $500

Garage Door Cable Repair
The garage door cables are an essential part of the garage door assembly and
support in smooth operation and efficient functioning of the garage door. With
time garage door cables can damage, fray, snap, broke which can expose
uneven movements of the door, causing the door to become unbalanced and
unsafe.
• Cable Installation
• Loose Cable Adjustment
• Cable Drums

Our professionally trained experts are ready to fix any garage door issues
providing affordable service with guaranteed satisfaction.
Call or text us 474 774 0269

Garage Door Maintenance and Inspection
Garage Door Expert can provide immediate assistance and ensure everything
is working properly. We are offering recommendations and tips that can help
clients to maintain their garage doors to prevent similar or other issues in the
future.
Signs to consider for Garage Door Maintenance:
• Garage Door sounds louder then usual
• Garage Door come off its rail
• Garage Door is unbalanced
• Garage Door stopped moving up or down

✓ Lubricate the Moving parts
✓ Routine Checks
✓ Inspect The Garage Door for Any Problems
✓ Checking all Parts and making suggestions for adjustments or
Replacements

Garage Door Spring Replacement
Garage Door Expert is specialized in professional Garage Door Spring
replacement services, ensuring the safe, reliable and long-term functionality
of your garage door.

Garage Door Openers
If your garage door opener starts making noise, not operating properly or refusing to
respond or all together give us a call. We will provide you with the best openers at the best
price. Call or text us 474 774 0269

Garage Door Remote Installation Services
• Checking all sensors and Remote Control
• Remote Control Replacement
• Remote Control Programming

Garage Door Roller Replacement Services
The Rollers are essential part of garage door and
• Roller Lubrication
• Roller Replacement Services
• Roller Alignment Services
• Roller Installation Services
• Roller Maintenance

Garage Door off Track Repair
Garage Door Off Track Can be crucial issue. Garage Door Expert can take
immediate care of fixing the Garage Door off Track as it will prevent further
damage and risks of your property. The technician will ensure functionality of
the garage door, before leaving.

• Track Adjustment
• Track Replacement

Our technicians are knowledgeable and experienced and provide quality work with
attention to detail. We are ready to take care of any Garage Door problems.